Create SECURITY.md (#169)
brave/leo: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> All versions including and above the current stable release version number (the version downloadable on https://brave.com/download).

Author: ```suggestion
Any version of adblock-rust used in the current stable release version or above of Brave Browser, or in any other repo under https://github.com/brave. This includes [brave-core](https://github.com/brave/brave-core) and [brave-ios](https://github.com/brave/brave-ios).
```

> Any version of adblock-rust used in the current stable release version or above of Brave Browser, or in any other repo under https://github.com/brave. This includes [brave-core](https://github.com/brave/brave-core) and [brave-ios](https://github.com/brave/brave-ios).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any version of Leo used in the current stable release version or above of Brave Browser, or in any other repo under https://github.com/brave. This includes [brave-core](https://github.com/brave/brave-core) and [brave-ios](https://github.com/brave/brave-ios).
```
